Previously on "Once Upon a Time"...
You killed my father!
I merely ordered him killed.
Dead men tell no tales.
[Groans]
Emma Swan, will you marry me?
Yes!
This is your chance
at love and happiness.
That's him?
Go get him.
[Indistinct conversations]
[Groans, screams]
Aah!
Ahh.
Hope that didn't sting.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Horse whinnies]
Where is she?
Where's Snow White?
The cabin, your majesty.
She was seen entering before dawn.
There's been no movement inside since.
Gather the neighboring villagers.
I want them to see justice served
on their beloved princess.
Regina, if you kill Snow White
you'll only harden
the people against you.
You have to prove to them
that you can show mercy
if you want them to love
you like they do  her.
I didn't come here to show mercy.
I came for a heart.
Regina. What happened?
She's gone.
Now...
someone is going to
tell me where she went.
Are you really going to protect her?
She doesn't care about you.
I'm the one who cares.
Snow White doesn't love you.
I do.
Don't listen to her.
She doesn't care about love.
I should know.
I was there when she threw
her chance at love away.
Tinker Bell.
Hello, Regina.
What are you doing here?
Shouldn't you be living
in a tulip somewhere?
What happened to me doesn't matter.
Just look at you.
You've done nothing but
fill your heart with hate
since we saw each other.
But it doesn't have to be that way.
What do you care about any of this?
I care because this started with me.
I showed you your future
with the pixie dust.
The one with the lion tattoo...
you should be with him.
He's still out there.
Pixie dust doesn't dictate what I do.
Nothing and no one does.
Pixie dust doesn't dictate anything.
It just shows you the possibilities.
It's up to you.
Thanks, but no, thanks.
I'm happy the way I am.
I don't believe you.
You're just saying that
to hide the real reason
that you won't take a chance on love.
You don't think you deserve it.
You really think you know me so well?
Hmm?
I'm going to spare this
wretched person's life
to prove she's wrong.
I do love you.
I love... all of you.
I hope you learn from this act of mercy,
because next time, it will be your last.
Robin: Look, I don't mean to be rude,
but why wouldn't Regina tell me
that she had a double, just like I did?
[Sighs] Because she wants
to keep her dark side secret.
The truth is, if it were up
to her, I'd no longer exist.
You mean to say
you're the ne'er-do-well
version of Regina,
just as I am with the other Robin Hood?
Well, how about that?
Somebody in this godforsaken town
I actually have
something in common with.
I beg your pardon?
I'm a queen,
not some burlap-loving
peasant who sleeps in dirt.
Excuse me... I sleep on hay.
Which is on dirt, but
there is... separation.
No matter. You can
insult me all you want.
It doesn't change the fact
that you and I are alike.
We both know that we don't belong here.
Perhaps.
So maybe I  had the solution.
New York?
I think not.
I suppose you know
where I should go, then?
Well, the one place you
know you  do belong...
back to the realm I
created with my wish.
I'll send you back.
And what do  you
get out of the bargain?
Well, you're a thief, aren't you?
I want you to steal something.
[Owl hooting]
This is a graveyard.
Bodies aren't the only
things buried here.
What are you after?
What exactly is this about?
Please stop asking questions...
and dig.
Emma, it's beautiful.
I am so happy for you.
Me too, Mom.
Thank you. I just never thought...
Well, if it makes you feel
any better, I did.
So, how did Hook pop the question?
On board a romantic cruise
on the  Jolly Roger?
Well...
Did he make Smee and the
rest of the crew serenade you?
We may never know,
because I kind of said yes
before he had a chance. [Chuckles]
I cannot wait to tell your father
that we have a wedding to plan.
Oh, about that... we're going to wait
a little while before we start planning.
Oh. Why?
Well, Gideon's still out there,
and even though I defeated him once,
we don't really know what he's up to,
and I don't feel like I
can focus on anything else
until I've really dealt with that.
Actually, you're going to have to.
What now?
The Evil Queen.
What about her?
Is that an engagement ring?
Oh. Yeah.
Um... Hook proposed.
[Gasps] Emma.
I'm happy for you. I really am.
Thanks. That means a lot.
That just leaves the question...
What happened to the Evil Queen?
She's still a snake right?
I have no idea. She got loose.
And if she  has figured out
a way to escape her mortal coil,
well, there's no telling
what evil she could be up to.
[Grunting, panting]
Couldn't you use magic to dig this hole?
You're right, but what
would be the fun in that?
You don't mind a little
dirty work, do you?
[Clank]
And there it is...
the sound of my victory.
A pair of scissors?
Don't underestimate them.
These blades are enchanted.
Capable of cutting a
person from their fate.
You want to use them on Regina...
to break her from her destiny.
No.
My plan for her involves
something much more permanent.
I'm going to use these
blades to finally separate us,
so once and for all...
I can destroy her.
[Buoy bell clanging]
You can tell the ocean your secrets,
but the question is
whether the ocean will tell you hers.
[Chuckles]
Nemo.
I wanted to say goodbye.
I wouldn't be standing
here without your help,
but now that I am, I'm afraid it's time
for your brother Liam and
for the rest of my crew
to set sail again on
the  Nautilus.
Well, that is a sad occasion, indeed.
[Chuckles]
Not as sad knowing that
you took my advice...
set aside your revenge
and found what was
missing in your life...
a family.
Aye.
That, I did. [Exhales deeply]
What is it?
Is something wrong?
My past has caught up with me,
and this time, I've hurt the family
of the woman I mean to marry.
[Chuckles] Well, I suppose...
[Sniffs] I suppose I shouldn't
be surprised, you know?
I  was a villain, and
villains don't get happy endings.
[Chuckles] You still could.
Have you asked for forgiveness?
That's just it...
You're the only other person who knows.
Once they find out...
there may be no coming back.
Be careful, my boy.
Guilt can be as corrosive
to the soul as revenge.
Which means...
that you must tell this
woman and her family the truth
or keep it a secret
and learn to forgive yourself.
What if I can't?
Either way, you must.
Heed my advice, Killian... please.
Seek forgiveness.
Because whatever happened,
it will always stay with you.
Looking for this?
Such a lovely and powerful pen.
So, you did figure out a
way to de-snake yourself.
That's not yours.
Give it back.
Unh-unh-unh!
I'll be holding on to this.
I wouldn't want you ruining my plans
by writing me out of existence
with a swoop of your authorial pen.
That's what you think I
want... to make you disappear?
Well, isn't it?
After all, that's
what  Regina wants.
That's because she thinks
you're the worst parts of her.
But you  don't?
I know there's good in you,
just like there's bad in her.
That means you can change.
And you thought you can break the rules
by using your author powers
to give me a little push?
I don't know what I was going to do.
Well, I suppose I should be flattered.
Look at yourself.
You finally got the revenge
you wanted on Snow White,
and are you happy?
Perhaps not.
But I  will be.
What are you planning?
Something you won't like.
That's why I'm here.
Eventually, you'll
realize it's for the best.
Because you were right, Henry.
You're still my son.
What are you going to do?
Give this to Regina.
And, remember, no matter what
anyone tries to tell you...
I love you.
Regina, we need to talk.
Daddy, please.
I've heard it all before.
I know... you don't think
revenge will make me happy.
But I'm going to find out.
Don't try to stop me.
I'm not here to try to stop you.
Actually, I'm here to help you get it.
What?
Do you remember the first time
that you cantered Rocinante?
Well, of course I do.
I watched you ride him across the field
outside our manor.
No matter how far you went,
I could still see that
smile on your face.
It wasn't a horse that put
a smile on my face, Daddy.
That was the day I met Daniel.
I know.
I want you to be happy again.
But I don't believe killing
Snow White will do that.
Maybe by my helping you,
you'll be able to move
on so you  can.
How can  you help  me?
With this.
This is one of your
mother's spell books,
that I've kept hidden from you.
It has a map inside
that will lead us to a powerful object
that can help find Snow White.
[Exhales sharply]
Daddy.
Snow: Wait. Isn't that...
Regina: Page 23...
the page that magically appeared to me
with what I thought could be an ending
to my story with Robin...
a happy... ending.
Inside, it was just
a cruel twist of fate,
showing me an ending
that could never be.
What does it mean?
It means the Evil Queen has found him...
the other Robin, that is...
and she wants me to
know that she'll hurt him
unless I face her.
"One last time."
Wait. How is that even possible?
Without Gideon's sword, she can't
hurt you without hurting herself.
Unless, of course, she
figured out another way.
Regina, you can't go. You'd
be walking into a trap.
Well, we can't just leave Robin.
We won't. I'll
go. This is my fault.
I'm the one who convinced
you to bring him here.
This is on me.
Emma, you don't have
anything to make up for.
You were just trying to help.
Henry: She's really gonna do this.
Maybe I was wrong to
think she could change.
I'm sorry, kid.
Regina, what are you gonna do?
Go alone.
This is  my battle
to fight, and it has been
ever since I tried to
destroy my dark side
up on that rooftop in New York.
You can't do this
yourself. Emma's right.
I have to.
If I don't, this won't just
end with Robin getting hurt.
She'll hurt everyone I
care about... all of you.
And I can't let that happen.
The Evil Queen is going
to get what she wants.
Our fight ends today.
Can't say this is
exactly what I had in mind
when I offered my services,
unless I'm misreading the signals
and things are about to take
a much more exciting turn.
[Chuckles] Keep dreaming.
Oh. Too bad.
Uh, but I'm afraid
you may have grossly...
overestimated my importance to her.
I mean, Regina may have charged in
to save Robin the Hero's
life, but  me?
Much less likely.
Huh? Enchanted ropes.
The only way you're going
anywhere is if I allow it.
And that's not going to happen
until I lure Regina
here and destroy her.
Do you really think killing Regina
is gonna solve your problems?
All it will do is make a martyr of her,
and then nobody will
be able to look at you
without thinking of her.
Believe me, that part is no fun at all.
Oh, well, I suppose
you have a better idea.
As a matter of fact, I do.
Release me.
Why the hell would I do that?
Because you were right...
I don't belong here.
And neither do you.
[Scoffs]
Maybe Regina was right.
Maybe there is a reason that I'm here,
but it's not to save her.
It's to save  you.
[Laughs]
I don't know what you've heard about me,
but I don't need saving.
Don't you?
'Cause it looks to me as
if you could really use
a place to get a fresh start.
A fresh start?
Doing what?
My land is rather big.
I'm sure we could find something
that'll pique your interest.
I'd think about it if I was you.
Because regardless of how
things go down here today,
you and I both know...
in a town full of heroes,
a villain like you
doesn't stand a chance.
The only one who doesn't stand a chance
is my...
better half.
As much as I enjoy our walks, Daddy,
you can just give me the
map and the spell book,
and I can magic us there.
It'll be much quicker.
There's no need.
We're here.
[Scoffs]
What is this place?
Mother's spell book never
would have led us here.
It's practically
dripping with light magic.
You're right.
That's because I never
learned about this place
from a spell book.
Then what brought you here?
The fairy.
Tinker Bell.
So you lied to me.
This was never about getting my revenge.
No, Regina.
This is about getting
something much better.
Follow me.
That's what we're here for...
Cupid's Arrow.
You brought me here for a love spell?
It's not a love spell.
I know they don't work.
This arrow is a tool.
It will lead you to gaze
upon the person you love most.
The fairy told me about the
man with the lion tattoo.
You could use it to find him.
You betrayed me.
I always thought you were
the  one person on my side.
Regina, don't you see that I am?
Enough!
What are you doing?
Getting what I came for.
My revenge.
Dead men tell no tales.
[Groans]
That's David's father.
It was you.
Emma, let me explain.
No, it seems very clear to me.
I swear to you... I wanted to tell you.
I tried.
But then you found that ring,
and I just couldn't bear
to ruin that happiness.
How could you do this?
I've been asking myself
the same question,
and all I can say
is that I was a broken
man for a very long time,
and I did horrendous things.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about  this.
[Exhales sharply]
You were about to
burn your own memories.
Why would you do that?
Because I was ashamed, Emma,
and scared of losing you
and everything that matters to me.
And you really think that would happen
after everything we've been through?
You tell  me...
how am I supposed to
sit across from your mother
and father at the table
and look them in the
eye after what I've done?
I'm not saying it would be easy.
You know them. You know
they would forgive you.
That's who they are.
This isn't just about  them.
This is about  me.
I already destroyed my own family once,
and that was hard enough,
but knowing that I destroyed
yours, too, I just...
I didn't know how I
could live with that.
You come to me, Hook, and you lean on me
and you trust me!
We have to stop hiding
things from each other.
The man I fell in love
with would know that.
You would know that we
would do things together.
Emma...
That is what I agreed to marry.
That is what I thought
that we were together.
Until you're ready for that...
then we can talk.
[Buoy bell clanging]
[Exhales sharply]
Triple-check everything.
I don't know when we'll see land again.
You never told me where
you were heading off to.
You know very well that
destinations never matter.
It's what we learn on the way.
I didn't expect to see you, Killian,
which has me wondering what happened.
You gave me two good pieces of advice,
and I took neither.
Can you fix it?
I don't think so.
I'm not the man she needs me to be.
And I need... I need
to find that man again.
And how are you gonna do that?
Do you remember what you told me
the first time I was on this vessel?
You said the  Nautilus
could help a man discover
who he could be.
And I was hoping...
I was hoping you might
have room for one more.
Well, then.
Captain Hook is always
welcome on the  Nautilus.
We push off at nightfall.
You shouldn't have come here.
I couldn't let anything happen to you.
[Gasps]
He's not the one you
should be worried about.
Oh. So that's your plan.
You're going to separate us.
Then what?
Then I'm going to do what you
tried to do to  me...
destroy you.
[Birds chirping]
Now we're getting somewhere.
Why? What are you doing?
Making good use of Mother's spell book,
like you said we would...
to find Snow White.
Regina, please.
Not everyone gets a
second chance at love.
Put all this aside and go find that man.
Remember how you said
this arrow will lead me to gaze
upon the person I love most?
Well, there's a very thin
line between love and hate.
[Sizzling]
There.
That's much better.
Now it will lead me to gaze upon
the person I  hate most.
[Laughs]
Snow White.
It's always about
revenge with us, isn't it?
You know what?
Trim away.
After all the damage
you've done because of me,
I'm ready.
This town's just not big
enough for the both of us.
At last, we agree on something.
[Both gasp]
[Breathing shakily]
See you on the other side.
[Groans]
[Panting]
Now...
let's finish this.
Gladly.
Why is it headed towards your castle?
She must know I'm not there.
So, she thinks she can steal from me.
[Scoffs]
Well, she'll see.
Where is she?
Hiding, are you?
No.
No!
The spell should have worked.
It should have led me to gaze
upon the person I hate most!
Oh, Regina.
[Voice breaking] No.
Aaaaah!
[Crying]
You tried to destroy me
because you couldn't stand
looking at the darkness?
Well, I can't stand
looking at the light.
Well, you don't have
to worry about that.
[Sword clanks]
[Bowl clanks]
[Panting]
You really believe
you're better than me.
Huh? Stronger than me?!
Because you think you filled
that nasty little hole inside you
with love and friendship and hope?
Well, you've been fooling
yourself, because you haven't.
I'm still what's inside of you.
I am all that will ever be there.
You're wrong.
[Grunts]
All those things in my life
you can't stand looking at...
they're real.
And now that I have them,
you will  never
take them away from me.
[Gasps]
[Heart beating]
I hate you.
[Heart crackling]
[Crackling stops]
[Gasps]
But I  don't.
Not anymore.
[Creaking]
[Exhales sharply] What are you doing?
I'm going to do what we never could.
I'm going to be brave for both of us
and choose love over hate.
[Gasps]
No.
[Strained] What's happening to me?
I gave you some of my love...
love from Henry and Robin
and the people I care most about.
And in return, I'm taking
back some of your darkness.
Our darkness.
Why?
You are a part of me.
And I'm a part of you
whether you like it or not.
And now I love myself.
Which means so should you.
[Exhales sharply]
Sorry about that.
It's just a lamp. [Chuckles]
I'm more worried about the
things that really matter,
like Robin.
Please tell me he's okay.
Oh, yes. He's... he's fine.
I actually kept my word
and sent him where he wanted to go.
Home.
You mean... back to his land,
the realm you created with your wish?
How?
Gold was too busy worrying about his son
to mind the shop.
[Scoffs]
Had a feeling I'd find a use for it.
So, he's gone, then.
Oh, I'm sorry you didn't
get to say goodbye.
It's probably better like this.
Do you still regret it...
not walking through
the door of that tavern
all those years ago?
[Inhales sharply]
If I had, I wouldn't be here.
I wouldn't have Henry or my family
or this town.
I can't imagine a life without all that.
So, Tinker Bell was wrong, then.
That isn't your happy ending.
No, it isn't.
But it did give me hope
when I needed it most,
and that was just as important.
I wouldn't mind a little
bit of that right now.
What, you mean hope?
Yes.
Well...
[Inhales deeply]
I'm not exactly sure what
I'm supposed to do anymore.
[Scoffs]
I need a place where I
can get a fresh start.
[Laughing] But where that is, I...
haven't a clue.
I think I know someone who can help.
You want me to use the
pen to send her... where?
Well, that's the thing... I don't know.
I-It has to be someplace
where... she can start over,
have a chance at a new life.
Isn't this against the rules?
Actually, the rules say
I'm not supposed to affect the
lives of people in  my book.
She's not... not technically, at least.
Hang on a minute. This is the
Evil Queen we're talking about.
Wasn't she just trying to murder us all?
And Zelena makes a great point.
This is the same exact person
who put us under a sleeping
curse like five minutes ago.
Maybe she can start by undoing it
before we trust her.
Well, she... she told me
everything she knows about that.
It won't be easy, but at least
now we know where to start.
As for her... [Sighs]
Regina, I know you
want to believe in her,
but not everyone is redeemable.
But  I was.
And that means  she is.
And I've given her what she needs now
to make the right choices.
We just have to give her that chance,
like you all gave  me.
[Chuckles] Heroes are so gullible.
When you wake up a few months from now
to find her crushing your
heart, don't blame me.
Evil Queen: That won't happen.
Well, I... hope it won't.
All I can say is, I'm
truly sorry for everything.
And I promise to do the right thing now.
And, Snow, I am... so sorry
for what I put you through...
again.
I knew you could be good, Mom.
[Voice breaking] Henry.
You've never called me that before.
"Mom."
It's who you are.
[Exhales sharply]
[Sniffles]
You still have my pen.
Oh.
You ready, Mom?
Thank you.
Just promise me...
you won't waste a single minute.
_
Where do you think she went?
There's no way to know for sure, but...
I have my ideas.
Where am I?
Excuse me.
[Indistinct conversation]
[Door opens]
[Laughter]
[Door closes]
If you're gonna kidnap me
again, may I humbly request
I'm allowed to finish my ale first?
I'm not here to kidnap you.
And I'm... I'm sorry about that.
So, if you're standing
here, can I assume
that the villain plan
didn't work out so well?
It didn't.
But, for the first time in...
well, forever...
I'm okay with that.
You are?
And why is that?
Let's just say...
I've had a change of heart.
- Have you, now?
- I have.
[Inhales sharply]
And I was wondering if... maybe...
I might buy you a drink?
Well, seeing as this is  my realm,
how 'bout I buy  you one?
[Sighs deeply]
Hook!
Are you going somewhere?
I've been looking
everywhere for you and Emma.
No, I was just, uh, grabbing some
stuff from the  Jolly Roger.
Is... is everything okay?
Oh, more than okay. [Chuckles]
I can hardly believe
I'm about to say this.
Regina did it.
She actually did it.
Did what?
Vanquished the Evil Queen...
redeemed her, even,
gave her a happy ending,
even if she doesn't realize it yet.
The... The Evil Queen
got a happy ending?
I know.
I honestly didn't think it was possible
for someone like her... not
after all of these years.
But it  was.
And tonight reminded me of something
that I hope I never forget again...
love can save even the darkest souls.
You just have to believe in it.
Speaking of love...
Emma told me.
Killian, I couldn't
be happier for you...
both of you.
She has waited a long time
to find the right person
with whom to share her life.
I'm so happy it's you.
You'll let her know?
Uh, know... know what?
Oh, that Regina's okay.
Yeah, yeah. Of course... course I will.
Okay.
Um...
It's so cold out here. Go home.
Are you ready for adventure, Captain?
No.
I'm done running.
I'm going back to Emma.
Even villains get second chances...
and, hopefully, even third ones.
I couldn't be happier to hear that.
[Inhales sharply]
I wish you all the happiness.
And I, you.
[Rumbling, klaxon blaring]
What happened?
I-I don't know.
[Rumbling]
We're... submerging, Captain.
I didn't give that order.
But  I did.
Who are you?
What do you want?
Sorry to commandeer
your vessel, Captain,
but I'm afraid for what I have planned,
you can't be in Storybrooke.
[Click]
Synced and corrected by Octavia
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org